README.md, before:

# Hello, I'm Yago! 👋

I'm a developer and learning designer based in Madrid. I'm passionate about Artificial Intelligence, and I try to create projects that make a difference.

## About Me

- 🔭 I’m currently updating a course about Generative Artificial Intelligence for Developers
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Big Data and SQL

## Languages and Tools

![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-%2314354C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS%20Certified%20Solutions%20Architect%20-%20Associate-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)

## Projects
- [Minishell](https://github.com/leroidubuffet/minishell) Minishell is a custom implementation of a basic UNIX command-line interpreter, built in C. This project aims to replicate core functionalities of shells like bash, including command execution, pipes, redirections, environment variable management, and signal handling.
- [Minitalk](https://github.com/leroidubuffet/minitalk) Minitalk is a simple communication program which implements a server and a client to send and receive messages using UNIX signals. The project utilizes `SIGUSR1` and `SIGUSR2` signals to transmit messages bit by bit across processes.
- [fract-ol](https://github.com/leroidubuffet/fract-ol) This is a C program that generates fractals and displays them on a window using the MiniLibX graphics library.
- [ft_printf](https://github.com/leroidubuffet/ft_printf)A custom implementation of the C library function printf() in C.
- [TRAINxR](https://github.com/leroidubuffet/TRAINxR_flask) The TRAINxR Trainer Application is a fully functional prototype of a web-based training tool that allows trainers to create and manage training sessions.
- [TimeApp](https://github.com/leroidubuffet/timeApp)TimeApp is a simple and elegant timer application built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

## Let's Connect

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yago-bolivar/)
- [Medium](https://leroidubuffet.medium.com/)
- [www.yagobolivar.es](http://www.yagobolivar.es/)

Commit message:

Revise personal project and learning sections
Updated current projects and learning topics in README.

README.md, after:

# Hello, I'm Yago! 👋

I'm a developer and learning designer based in Madrid. I'm passionate about Artificial Intelligence, and I try to create projects that make a difference.

## About Me

- 🔭 I’m currently working on a ML project
- 🌱 I’m currently learning about Bluesky bots and gathering AI predictions

## Languages and Tools

![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-%2314354C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS%20Certified%20Solutions%20Architect%20-%20Associate-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)

## Projects
- [Minishell](https://github.com/leroidubuffet/minishell) Minishell is a custom implementation of a basic UNIX command-line interpreter, built in C. This project aims to replicate core functionalities of shells like bash, including command execution, pipes, redirections, environment variable management, and signal handling.
- [Minitalk](https://github.com/leroidubuffet/minitalk) Minitalk is a simple communication program which implements a server and a client to send and receive messages using UNIX signals. The project utilizes `SIGUSR1` and `SIGUSR2` signals to transmit messages bit by bit across processes.
- [fract-ol](https://github.com/leroidubuffet/fract-ol) This is a C program that generates fractals and displays them on a window using the MiniLibX graphics library.
- [ft_printf](https://github.com/leroidubuffet/ft_printf)A custom implementation of the C library function printf() in C.
- [TRAINxR](https://github.com/leroidubuffet/TRAINxR_flask) The TRAINxR Trainer Application is a fully functional prototype of a web-based training tool that allows trainers to create and manage training sessions.
- [TimeApp](https://github.com/leroidubuffet/timeApp)TimeApp is a simple and elegant timer application built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

## Let's Connect

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yago-bolivar/)
- [Medium](https://leroidubuffet.medium.com/)
- [www.yagobolivar.es](http://www.yagobolivar.es/)
